[DependencyInjection] Add `#[When(env: 'foo')]` to skip autoregistering a class when the env doesn't match (#40782)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/DependencyInjection/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add support for per-env configuration in XML and Yaml loaders
 * Add `ContainerBuilder::willBeAvailable()` to help with conditional configuration
 * Add support an integer return value for default_index_method

>  * Add `#[When(env: 'foo')]` to skip autoregistering a class when the env doesn't match

Reviewer: Is it okay for you if we write this sentence in a positive way?
```suggestion
 * Add `#[When(env: 'foo')]` to autoregister a class when the env matches
```
Thus, it will be consistent with the attribute description.

Reviewer: Although, we will use this attribute only when we really need to skip the autoregistration, perhaps the negative one is better.

Author: I think the negative one is more clear yes.
